
         <T=.en
            <=
               
           
The 7th consulship of our lord Diocletian Augustus and the 6th of our lord Maximian Augustus.
To Julius Septimius Sabinus censitor from Aurelius Isidorus, son of
Ptolemaeus, of the village of Karanis in the first and sixth toparchy of the Heraclides division of the Arsinoite nome.
In conformity with the imperial edict of our lords the invincible kings Diocletian and Maximian, Augusti, 
and Constantius and Maximian, ((5)) the        
 most noble Caesars, I declare to you that I possess land in the vicinity of the same village of Karanis 
and that I have ascertained the measurements of the land of my estate in the village. Aphrodisius and Paulinus,
surveyors, measured the areas in the presence of Apollonius, Kopres, and Heron, iuratores; of Syrus, 
assistant to the dekaprotoi of the toparchy; and of Pannous the horiodeiktes, who have appended their signatures.
The parcels are as follows:
In the ((10)) 18th section, in the hamlet called P[. .]moun, eleven sixteenths
of an aroura of private land sown in the 14th, 13th and 6th year—11/16
ar., of which the adjacent areas are: on the east a canal, beyond which is waste land entirely unowned, 
and on the west the estate of Doulus.

I swear by the Tyche and Victory of our lords the invincible kings that I have made this declaration in accordance with the truth.
Year 16, 15, and 8 of our lords Diocletian and Maximian, Augusti, and Constantius and Maximian, the most noble Caesars.
The area declared above is 11/16 ar. of private land sown in the 14th,
13th, and 6th year.
((15)) (2nd hd.) I, Aurelius Isidorus, have declared the aforementioned por tion of an aroura, 
and I have ascertained the measurements as given above,
with an oath by the Augusti. I, Aurelius Horion, have written for him since he is illiterate.
(3rd hd.) I, Aurelius Aphrodisius, surveyor, acting with my associate
surveyor Paulinus, have measured the aforementioned portion of an aroura belonging to Isidorus.
(4th hd.) I, Aurelius Paulinus, surveyor, acting with my associate surveyor Aphrodisius, 
have measured the aforementioned portion of an aroura belonging to Isidorus.
(5th hd.) I, Aurelius Apollonius, councillor, iurator, was present at the survey.
(6th hd.) I, Aurelius Heron, councillor, iurator, was present at the survey.
(7th hd.) I, Aurelius Kopres, councillor, iurator, was present ((20)) at the survey.
(8th hd.) I, Aurelius Syrus, assistant to the dekaprotoi of the toparchy, have verified the survey.
(9th hd.) I, Aurelius Panous, horiodeiktes, have exhibited the afore mentioned portion of an aroura, and I have omitted nothing.
(10th hd.) Aurelius Herodes, didaskalos: (this declaration) was drawn in my office.
(11th hd.) I, Julius Septimius Sabinus, censitor, have received and countersigned this declaration.
 =>
=T>
      