
         <T=.en
            <D=.1 
               <=
                  ((1)) Copy. To Boukolos, ex-agoranomus, ex-priest of Alexander
                         founder of the city and of the classes, priest, chief-judge, and curator of the chrematistae
                         and the other courts, through his son, Sarapion, also ex-priest of Alexander founder of
                         the city and of the classes, temporarily performing the duties of chief-judge, from Herakleia
                         also called Isidora, daughter of Mysthes, who is absent and on whose behalf her brother,
                         Ptolemaios, son of Mysthes, is acting by virtue of an agreement done through the registrar’s
                         office at Ptolemais Euergetis in the Arsinoite nome, in the month of Epeiph of the last
                         year, and from Ptolemaios himself and Lysimachos, son of Didymos, son of Lysimachos,
                         whose mother is Apia, and from Herakleides, son of Sarapion, son of Herakleides, all of
                         them from the metropolis of the Arsinoite nome.
                ((12)) Whereas Herakleides has been married without written contract with Apia also called
                         Herakleia, daughter of Herakleia also called Isidora, and the latter’s deceased husband,
                         Kronion, brother of Lysimachos, and as during the marriage she became pregnant through
                         him and was delivered, the child - - -; (whereas), moreover, Apia also called Herakleia
                         having died, Herakleia also called Isidora and her said brother, Ptolemaios, and Lysimachos
                         and (on the other side) Herakleides have attended before Eudemos, strategos of the Herakleides
                         district in the Arsinoite nome, the party of Herakleia also called Isidora argued that
                         the child borne by Apia also called Herakleia had died and that Herakleides had adopted
                         another one; ((21)) Herakleides himself, however, argued that the child which he had taken
                         with him was really the child born by Apia also called Herakleia, as appears according
                         to their own information from the record drawn up in the presence of the strategos in
                         the month of Epeiph of the 4th year of Hadrian the lord, which proves also that the case
                         has been left to the higher court. ((24)) Since it has happened, as both parties concede, that the
                         infant itself, either of Apia also called Herakleia or a strange one, has died, they have now
                         settled the whole controversy and agree with each other, viz. Herakleia also called Isidora
                         and Ptolemaios and Lysimachos, that they will not proceed against Herakleides neither
                         on account of the charge taken down in the minutes of the strategos nor of any other
                         matter with or without written
               =>
            =D>
            <D=.2 
               <=
                  ((31)) document from past times until today; and the other
                           party, Herakleides, that he will proceed neither against Herakleia also called Isidora and
                           Ptolemaios and Lysimachos nor against any of the possessions left by Apia also called
                           Herakleia, neither on the strength of the minutes nor of any other - - -; ((43)) Herakleia also
                           called Isidora and Ptolemaios and Lysimachos suffering no loss in any other debt contracted
                           with or without a written document. We request. ((47)) (Date).
                           /*Translation: B.A. van Groningen, P.Fam. Tebt. 20*/
               =>
            =D>
         =T>
      