
         <T=.en
            <=
               ((1)) The 6th year of Imperator Caesar Trajanus Hadrianus Augustus,
                      the month of Kaisareios 1st, at Tebtunis in the Polemon district of the Arsinoite nome.
               ((2)) Didymarion, daughter of Herakleides, aged about 48 years, having no distinguishing
                      marks, with the assistance of Kronion, son of Lysanias, her nephew on mother’s side, aged
                      about 52 years, having a scar on the left side of the neck, acknowledges to her brothers
                      from the same father and the same mother, Herakleides also called Valerius, aged about
                      44 years, having a scar on the right knee, and Lysimachos, aged about 38 years, having
                      a scar on the left knee, in the presence of our common mother, Didyme, daughter of Lysimachos,
                      aged about 75 years, having a scar on the left brow, with the assistance of one
                      of her sons, Lysimachos, ((7)) that Didymarion has received from her two brothers from hand
                      to hand the 600 silver drachmae promised by our common father, Herakleides, son of Maron,
                      who is dead, beside those (valuables) which he (gave) her through the marriage-contract
                      drawn up by the same registrar’s office in the 9th year of the deified Trajan, above the
                      dowry of 500 silver drachmae which he granted her through the same marriage-contract,
                      the full total being 1100 drachmae, and through an agreement of the father in the 10th
                      year of the deified Trajan, 6th supplementary day through the same office; ((13)) and neither
                      Didymarion nor her representatives shall proceed against the two brothers nor against
                      one of them nor against their representatives, neither on account of these (payments),
                      nor on account of any other written or unwritten (obligation) or debt or any agreement
                      whatsoever - - - from the past times until the present day, without any excuse. ((18)) And
                      moreover, Didyme, their mother, agrees that she has forthwith endowed her daughter,
                      Didymarion, with a pair of golden earrings with genuine pearls of four quarters (in weight)
                      and a purple garment to be worn with (?) one tunic, all which gifts Didymarion has received;
             ((21)) and on compulsion Didyme herself shall guarantee immediately for her daughter
                      Didymarion as neither alienated nor encumbered in any way the half of the house and
                      courtyard in Tebtunis which she already gave her through the said contract dated in the
                      10th year of Trajan, 6th supplementary day. ((24)) (Subscriptions of i. Didymarion, written by
                      Kronion, ((29)) ii. of Lysimachos and Didyme, written by Lysimachos, ((35)) iii. of Herakleides-Valerius.
             ((36)) Docket of registrar).
                      /*Translation: B.A. van Groningen, P.Fam. Tebt. 21*/
            =>
         =T>
      