
            <T=.en
            <=
               ((1)) Copy of the minutes of Apollonides, strategos of the Polemon district, 2nd year of Imperator Caesar Trajanus Hadrianus Augustus, 
                Pharmouthi 11th, in the court. ((3)) Dieras, son of Ischyrion, represented by Ammonios, his advocate, having said that he had lent to Isidora, daughter of Lysimachos, 
                a small sum of money, but had not recovered it, that the (therefore) proceeded to distraint and execution and the consequent legal measures and brought everything to an end; 
                that the matter was brought before Cascelius Geminus, judicial officer, because he recalcitrated; that he (Geminus), deciding about the matter, 
                also arrested her son, Kronion, in order that they should submit to the verdict; ((9))that they, (however), after the legal measures and the minutes which are against tehm, 
                once more gather the fruits of the estate, concerning which the legal measures have been fully taken; 
                Isidora having through her advocate Sueros that she will pay to those who give up (their claim) (?), if she meets with indulgence, 
                but that he (Dieras) has snatched away two more arourae which were pledged to another creditor, 
                that Dieras unduly asserts that he has taken the legal steps as well concerning these two arourae as concerning the others, 
                and now claims to recover the debt even without delay - - - make restitution of the arourae; and Isidora having asked for a time-limit. 
                ((18)) The strategos (said): let the minutes of Cascelius Geminus be read. When these had been read, dated in the 10th year of the deified Trajan, Mecheir 4th, 
                (he said): according to the minutes concerning the question and the fact that Kronion, son of the debtor, was arrested with her, 
                it seems reasonable to me that the whole debt will be paid back to Dieras tomorrow. ((23)) And if they do not pay back, 
                I am of opinion that the legal decisions must be valid and unshaken. And the debtors shall have no claim on the ground. 
                Dieras (said): if only they will not collect the fruits once more, after your decision! Kronion (said): we ran into expenses at our own costs. 
                The strategos (said): the village-scribe shall ascertain how large the expenses have been and he will take care that you get them back when he 
                (Dieras) gathers the summer-harvest. I have read.
                /*Translation: B.A. van Groningen, P.Fam. Tebt. 19*/
            =>
         =T>
        