
         <T=.en
            <D=.r 
               <=
                  ((1)) Phaophi 18, agreement of Thenetkoueis with Lucius. The third year of the
                         Emperor Caesar Nerva Trajanus Augustus Germanicus, Phaophi 18, at Euhemeria in
                         the division of Themistes of the Arsinoite nome. ((5)) Thenetkoueis, daughter of Heron,
                         olive-carrier, a Persian, aged about 26 years, having a scar on the right shin, acting
                         with her guardian, her kinsman, Leontas, son of Hippalus, aged about 54 years, having
                         a scar on the forehead to the right, acknowledges to Lucius Bellenus Gemellus, discharged
                         from military service with the legion (?), aged about 67 years, having a scar on the left wrist,
                         that she has received from him directly from hand to hand from his house 16 drachmae
                         of silver as unexceptionable earnest money. ((15)) Thenetkoueis is accordingly obliged to carry
                         at the olive-press belonging to Lucius Bellenus Gemellus at Euhemeria from whatever day
                         he orders her the olive produce included in the present third year, performing all that
                         a carrier should until the completion of the entire oil-manufacture, and receiving from
                         Lucius Bellenus her daily wage at the same rate as the carriers in the village; and Lucius
                         shall reckon off the 16 drachmae of silver by instalments from her wages. ((27)) If Thenetkoueis
                         does not act in accordance with the conditions above written, she shall pay back to Lucius
                         double the earnest money, and he shall have the right of execution upon her and upon
                         all her property as if in accordance with a legal decision. Attestor on behalf of
                         Thenetkoueis, Leontas the aforesaid. (There follow ((35)) the signature of Thenetkoueis written
                         by her guardian Leontas, ((46)) the docket of the record office at Euhemeria, and ((48)) the signature
                         of Epagathus on behalf of Gemellus acknowledging that he had received back the
                         16 drachmae.)
                         /*Translation: B.P. Grenfell – A.S. Hunt, P.Fay. 91*/
               =>
            =D>
         =T>
      