
         <T=.en
            <=
               /*Translation: from P.Oxy. 1*/ To his excellency Clodius Culcianus, praefect of Egypt, from Aurelius Demetrius, son of Nilus, late chief priest at Arsinoe. Knowing your care for honest citizens, my lord praefect, I make my petition to you with full confidence that I shall obtain justice from your highness. In the 17th = the 16th = the 9th year of this auspicious reign Aurelius Sotas, ex-gymnasiarch of Arsinoe, acknowledged in two bonds the receipt of a fully secured deposit from me, the first bond, which was made in the month of Tybi, being for two talents of silver; the second, which was made in Phamenoth, for twenty talents of silver. These sums he, by the terms of the aforesaid contracts, undertook to repay without an action at law or any delay or quibble. When therefore I asked him for the money while Heron was strategus, he attempted, owing to my being illiterate, to commit a fraud to my detriment. When he was detected in this and was in danger of being prosecuted before your highness, he entreated to be allowed to settle his debts without the trouble of an action. Up to the present moment he is still putting off the payment, taking a mean advantage of my forbearance, while I am in debt to the most sacred treasury not only on account of the deficit in connexion with the duty which I have performed as superintendent of the corn-supply, but also in connexion with both my private estate and the municipal post which I undertook, and I have no other resources than this money in question. On all these counts therefore I beg and entreat you to instruct, if you will, the strategus or any other magistrate whom you may sanction, that Sotas shall be compelled by seizure of the securities provided in his written bonds now at length to make repayment, or that, if he is recalcitrant, he shall be summoned before your highness to answer for his previous fraud also. So I shall be enabled to recover my property and acknowledge my gratitude to your excellency. Farewell. I, Aurelius Demetrius presented this petition. The 19th = 18th year, Phamenoth 4.
            =>
         =T>
      