
         <T=.en
            <=
               ((1)) ‘To Phronimus and Sabinus also called Thracidas, ex-gymnasiarchs and officers in charge of the selection, Sabinus also called Thracidas being a minor and acting through his guardian … ex-gymnasiarch, from Horion son of Heraclides son of Heraclides, whose mother is Lycarous daughter of Heraclides slave of Ischyrion son of Papus, inhabitants of the metropolis registered in the quarter of the Bithynians and Neighbourhood. Whereas Heraclides my brother on both father’s and mother’s side has reached the age of 14 years in the present 18th year of Hadrianus Caesar the lord and ought to be selected, I append the claims of our parents in accordance with the ordinance. Our aforesaid father Heraclides son of Heraclides son of Heraclides, whose mother was Tasoucharion his father’s sister, registered himself in the 8th year of the deified Vespasianus together with his parents in the quarter of the Cilicians; in the 9th year of Domitianus and the 7th of Trajanus he likewise registered himself with his parents in the quarter of the Bithynians and Neighbourhood, at the same time registering his wife, our mother, Lycarous and myself, Horion; in the household census of the 2nd year of Hadrianus Caesar the lord both our parents registered themselves in the said quarter, at the same time registering the two of us; and in the household census of the 16th year of Hadrianus Caesar the lord I registered myself, together with our mother and my brother Heraclides, now a candidate for selection, since our father had died subsequently to the census of the second year. On the other side Lycarous, daughter of Heraclides the slave of Ischyrion son of Papus, her mother being Didyme daughter of Hermas, was registered in the 8th year of Vespasianus, together with her mother and brothers in the quarter of the temple of Seknebtunis. She too died subsequently to the household census of the 16th year of Hadrianus Caesar the lord, and her parents were registered as living together in the 9th year of Domitianus in the quarter of the Cilicians. I have also enclosed for you the certificate of my own selection and a page of the property census... I …, ex-gymnasiarch. . ., acting through Herodorus have signed in respect of Heraclides son of Heraclides son of Heraclides, whose mother was Lycarous. The 18th year of the Emperor Caesar Trajanus Hadrianus Augustus, Pauni 4.’
            =>
         =T>
      