
         <T=.en
            <=
               ((1)) ‘…, the most illustrious praefect, from Aurelia Artemis daughter of Paesius, of the village of Thraso in the Arsinoite nome. Perceiving your love of equity, my lord praefect, and your care for all, especially women and widows, I approach you praying to obtain your aid. The matter is as follows. Syrion having become decaprotus of the aforesaid village, persuaded my husband Ganis to pasture his flock—it was he who wrongfully removed into his own keeping my husband's goats and sheep 6o in number—and so long as my husband lived each profited by his own, my husband by his property, and the individual aforesaid by his. When, then, my husband aforesaid went the way of men, Syrion rushed in, wishing by the use of his local influence to tear the property of my young children from the very bed of my husband where his body was lying. When I endeavoured to rescue our property and to prepare my husband for burial, he drove me away with threats, and until this day he remains in possession of our flocks. Wherefore I entreat you, my lord, to send me a succourer by your command that I may recover the property of my young children and of myself who am a widow and may yield a ready obedience to your delegate. For my aforesaid husband was not detected in any fraudulent actions where the property of the Treasury was concerned; but it is a characteristic of the aforesaid Syrion on all occasions to rob me and my young children, so that in taking the corn of my dead husband for the corn-dues devolving upon me, as I am left without a helper, he has given no receipt. (I beseech you) that by the direction of you, the lord and kindly benefactor of all, I may recover my property and be able to live with my young children in my own home and ever to avow my gratitude to your fortune. Farewell. (Endorsed) The … year, ... 9. With a view to what is expedient for the revenues ... his excellency the epistrategus shall sift the matter with the utmost equity. The 69th page of the 1st volume.’
            =>
         =T>
      