
         <T=.en
            <=
               ((1)) To Marcus Petronius Honoratus, prefect of Egypt.
                      From Ptolemaios, son of Diodoros alias Dioskoros, of the inhabitants
                      of the Arsinoite nome. I have attached below, my Lord, a copy of the petition
                      I submitted to you and of the sacred subscriptio with which you subscribed
                      it. ((4)) Since Sarapammon, mentioned below, did not come down to
                      your most sacred assize nor show up at the time of the announcement of
                      proceedings concerning the strategos, in order for you to take hold of him
                      I ask, if it please your Benevolence, to give orders to write to the strategos
                      of the Herakleides district to the effect that, whether Sarapammon is to be
                      found here in the (Αrsinoite) nome or in the Herakleopolite, sufficient
                      security be taken from him so that he appears before your most sacred
                      tribunal. Copy of the petition.
             (((9))) “To Marcus Petronius Honoratus, prefect of Egypt.
                      From Ptolemaios, son of Diodoros alias Dioskoros, of the inhabitants of
                      the Arsinoite nome. Of all injustices in life, the most shameful is for free
                      men to be subjected to wanton violence. For this reason I seek refuge with
                      you, my Lord, with the intention also of revealing the manner of this
                      violence. ((13)) A certain Sarapammon from the Herakleopolite nome who is
                      serving as a komostrategos under Theon, the strategos of the two districts,
                      mishandled me in such a way that I was in danger of death. ((15)) Accordingly, I
                      investigated his background and previous life and discovered that he was
                      formerly a village scribe who happened to be banished by the illustrious
                      Mamertinus amid numerous charges ... ... and yet, although such things
                      are forbidden, entered the public service. ((19)) Please be aware that he exercises
                      the function of komostrategos — that is, he administers — while allowing
                      villagers of despicable character to beat, smite and flog free men. Since
                      such matters require retribution during your most liberal governorship, I
                      ask, if it may please you, to write to the strategos of the Herakleides
                      district to take sufficient security so that Sarapammon comes to your
                      sacred assize and I may be avenged to the highest degree.” ((24)) Copy of the
                      subscriptio. “Having delivered summons on Sarapammon, petition me
                      when I hold judicial proceedings regarding the matters concerning/against
                      the strategos. Year 11, 10th of Thoth (September 8, 147).” Farewell.
                      (hand 2) [Year] 11, [month, day]
           (((27))) (hand 2) ... you have ... has been indicated in a subscriptio. (hand 3)
                      Deliver the petition.
                      /*Translation: A. Dolganov, APF 67 (2021) 376-377*/
            =>
         =T>
      