
         <T=.en
            <=
               ((1)) … so that they may … by virtue of this security of sale, its every part and section, in perpetuity, at her personal risk and resources based on her property, 
(((5))) all of them coming from the same most illustrious city of Antinoe, to illustrissimus and religiosissimus Flavius Ioannes, scriniarius of the ducal staff of Lower Thebais, 
son of Kollouthos of excellent memory, who hails from Hermopolis, but has been a property-owner here in Antinoopolis for a long time.
(((10))) We, the aforementioned Ei… and Ioannes, blood brothers, with their mother, the aforementioned Stephanous, acting as a guarantor, acknowledge, 
according to this written security document here, from now on and forever, with voluntary judgement and our own expressed opinion, 
with unregretting and an honest will, with a sound mind, swearing at the same time by the holy and consubstantial Trinity, 
and by the victory and permanence of our gloriously triumphant lord Flavius Justinianus, the Eternal Emperor and Augustus, ((18)) that we have sold to you, 
the same illustrissimus Ioannes the scriniarius, and have conveyed to you, with the full rights of ownership, in good faith and with every power, 
for eternal proprietary possession, ((21)) the two-thirds of the house that belongs to us and has come down to us by inheritance from our most blessed father Christodoros the deacon, 
that is three storage rooms, namely one bedroom at the gallery facing north, (((25))) and the other two places facing north, as mentioned, 
towards the courtyard and from the western side of the dining room … [facing] west towards the stairway together with its terrace roof and … towards the terrace roof of the same dining room, 
(((29))) together with our share of the two-thirds of the well and the covered hall and the entrance and exit, in joint ownership with Theophile who owns the remaining parts, making up the entire house. 
(((32))) The said house is located in the city of Antinoe in the Γ district, block Δ south … facing east. From the southern side, it borders with the house of the heirs of… /*Translation: Law in Social Networks Project (Warsaw)*/
            =>
         =T>
      