
         <T=.en
            <=
               ((1)) … third indiction, in the most illustrious Antinoopolis. They, … 
((4)) on the one part Aurelia L[…] daughter of … of blessed memory, from the mother Tekysia, acting with me … being present and approving of this settlement agreement, 
((8)) on the other part Aurelius … son of …ammon, from the mother … both coming from Antinoopolis, conclude and make jointly and willingly this written agreement in two identical copies, 
which has the force of repudium and divorce and dissolution of marriage, acknowledge to each other the following as stated verbatim:
((11)) Long ago we were united with each other in lawful marriage and shared life, harmonious and shared cohabitation, in good hope and in view of conceiving good legitimate children, 
believing we would live a peaceful, noble married life, during the whole time of our shared life; 
((14)) on the contrary, we do not know how we, beyond expectations, suffered by the wicked evil devil having attacked us, to separate from each other from this shared married life, 
for this reason we have resorted to the present written divorce from each other, ((18)) through which we acknowledge that we have no claim against each other, presently or in the future, 
from now and forever, so that we by this time onwards break up and settle one with another once and for all, with regards to the union of marriage and its cost and the dowry and bridal gifts 
and the household utensils that were brought in for each other by each other and have been paid for all these. 
((23)) And may each part of us be allowed to be united in a different marriage, necessarily without hinder or dispute. 
((24)) And if any of us wishes to make claim against the other concerning any matter written or unwritten, adjudicated or not, in any court, small or big, local or beyond the boundaries of the nome, 
who does not abide may give to the party that abides six gold nomismata, of full weight, and also for the one who is unwilling to abide by all the written agreements of the present divorce, 
((29)) the document of which is valid and secure wherever it is produced, with the subscription of our hypographeus and of the witnesses, by whom having been asked the formal question, 
we gave our consent. † ☧ /*Translation: Law in Social Networks Project*/
            =>
         =T>
      