
         <T=.en
            <=
               ((1)) In the consulship of the gloriosissimus Flavius Anthemios, 13 Phaophi of the ninth indiction. 
(((2))) Aurelius Bessarion, son of Mousaios from Salacha, of the mother Tariste, from the village of Aphrodite of the Antaiopolite nome, who subscribes slowly, to the most noble Aurelia Mariam, 
daughter of Eulogios, deceased protokometes from the same village, greetings. 
((4)) Since you owe five gold solidi by the (public) standard (secured by) a real hypotheke in the name of my late mother Tariste, and now I have received from you these five solidi, 
and you have asked to receive from me the (document of) hypotheke, Ι have not found it to return it to you, for I have lost it among my papers. 
((8)) For that reason, I have resorted to this written cancellation, that is declaration of invalidity, through which I acknowledge that I have no ground for action against you for the future concerning the aforementioned five solidi, 
neither myself, nor my heirs, against either you or your heirs. 
((11)) If it so happens that any man may proceed against you, with the pretext of the hypotheke, I am ready to secure that you be undisturbed, and guard you from any liability concerning this hypotheke, 
at my own risk and of all my possessions for this. 
((15)) And for your security, I have made this cancellation, that is declaration of invalidity, which is valid and secure wherever it is produced. And having been asked the formal question, I gave my consent ⳨
(((17))) Aurelius Bessarion, son of Mousaios, the aforementioned, I executed this declaration of invalidity, as stated above.
((18)) I, Aurelius Isaak (pap. Isaakios), son of Ioseph, witness to the declaration of invalidity, having heard from the executing party ⳨
((19)) I, Iakob, son of Victor, deacon, witness to the declaration of invalidity, having heard from the executing party.
(((21))) ⳨ Written by me, Victor, son of Apollos. /*Translation: Law in Social Networks Project (Warsaw)*/
            =>
         =T>
      