
         <T=.en
            <=
               ((1)) ⳨ in the fifth year of the reign and consulship of our most pious lord Flavius Iustinus eternal Augustus Emperor, 
on the fourth of the month of Choiak of the third indiction, in the clarissima Antinoopolis. 
(((6))) Aurelius Petros, son of Besis (pap.: Besas), of the mother Maria, pattern weaver, hailing from clarissima Lykopolis, present now here in this fair city of Antinoopolis, 
to Aurelius Georgios, son of Apollos, wine seller, from the same Lykopolis, greetings.  
(((12))) I, the above written Petros, embroiderer, acknowledge by this written document that I have had and been given by you, from hand to hand, for my own necessary needs, 
seven carats of gold, according to the public weight of Antinoopolis, that is 7 carats of gold according to the public weight of Antinoopolis.
((17)) I, along with my heirs of any kind, am ready to return them to you and to your successors of any kind on the eleventh of the next month Tybi of the present third indiction, 
with its interest of fifty talents of silver per month, that is 100 talents, without any misunderstanding and delay.
((23)) I further acknowledge that I have been paid in full by you the entire price agreed upon and satisfactory for … blanket. 
((26)) And it is not allowed for me to bring an accusation against you about the entire price or part thereof, for it was sold to you by me, 
and for this reason its price was released and paid to me.
((31)) If I bring an action about it, I will pay you one solidus of gold minus six carats, without a controversy or trial.
All my current and future belongings have been mortgaged for you for these above mentioned seven carats until the payment of the above mentioned debt.
((35)) And for your security I made this document with the signature of the one writing for me, as I do not know letters, and having been asked I consented.
⳨ † † † Sign of Petros. /*Translation by Law in Social Networks (Warsaw)*/
            =>
         =T>
      