
         <T=.en
            <=
               ((1)) ‘Eudaemonis also called Tetes and Soëris also called Souerous both daughters of Herodes also called
Tiberius, son of Heron, Tetes acting through her husband Dionysius also called Plantas surnamed Lupus, son of Dionysius, and Souerous acting through her husband Dioscurides also called …, son of Pluton, mutual greetings. We acknowledge that we have divided between ourselves at the present time the domain-land vineyard which we hold on lease at the village of Thrage in the toparchy of the Upper Suburb being part of the holding of Xenon … whatever the extent of its acreage is, containing an orchard, and that Soëris also called Souerous has been allotted the southern portion, having paid for the choice forthwith to Eudaemonis 210 drachmae of silver. Its measurements are … beginning from south to north inside the wall of the plot in the second stade, following the western wall 1 schoenion, from the western wall to the east for a certain distance 15/65/4 sch., and from this same boundary projecting to the north 2/33/2 sch., and from this same boundary to the east as far as the eastern wall which is the limit of the whole plot a projection of 1/33/2 sch., and that Eudaemonis also called Tetes has been allotted the northern portion, having received from Souerous as aforesaid the 210 dr. of silver, in accordance with the aforesaid measurements of the southern portion, whatever the extent of its acreage is. The restoration of the common walls now being reconstructed shall be paid out of our common revenues. Each of us shall irrigate her own portion by means of … and men working at the water-wheel and regulating the channel, taking the water from our common reservoir which is in our private plot bordering the western wall of the domain-land plot …, the cost of keeping and repairing the wooden water-wheel and likewise the reservoir and of cleansing it being borne by us both. The recipient of the southern portion shall permit the recipient of the northern portion entrance and exit through the eastern wall by her northern boundary during the time of the vintage only, and likewise the recipient of the northern portion
shall allow the recipient of the southern to conduct water by means of the existing channel by the western wall of the plot in order to water all the southern portion, and likewise, if need arises at the inundation to water the same southern portion with the foot, the recipient of the northern portion shall give the right of conducting water through it. All public imposts upon the plot both in kind and in money for the past and future and the dues to the Treasury shall be borne by us both, since we have agreed to these terms. The division is valid, without prejudice to other matters pending between us. The 19th year of the Emperor Caesar Trajanus Hadrianus Augustus, Epeiph 24. I, Eudaemonis also called Tetes, daughter of Herodes also called Tiberius, son of Heron, acting through my husband Dionysius also called Plantas surnamed Lupus, son of Dionysius, have made
the division as aforesaid.’

            =>
         =T>
      