
         <T=.en
            <=
               ((1)) ‘Hermaeus son of Diogenes …, of Hermopolis, registered in the West-End quarter, to …, with her guardian her father Dius son of Antimachus, greeting. I acknowledge that I have sold to you from the present day for all time the 15/8 arura belonging to me of catoecic land not subject to demand, at ... in the holding of …, and formerly the property of Hermophilus son of Thermouthis, adjacent to which are, as declared by mutual agreement, on the south, land of Hermias son of Hermophilus, on the north, land of Ision brother of Hermophilus, on the east, land of … brother of the said Hermophilus, on the west, land of the heirs of Aquillius Polion, at the price mutually agreed upon of 480 silver drachmae which I have received on the spot in immediate payment from hand to hand out of the house. The ownership and possession of the land is yours and your assigns’ to use and manage in any way you may choose, the duty of guaranteeing the sale perpetually resting upon me, otherwise if any one shall make any claim in my name or in any other person's name, I will repel him forthwith at my own expense. For the public dues and additional levies in times past until the
present third year and for those of the said third year you, the purchaser, are responsible; and whenever you choose, I will make the notification by an official deed through the record-offices in Hermopolis, and will submit the authorization of the land-registry office, receiving an additional 40 drachmae for the taxes on the conveyance from Hermophilus to me. This deed of sale is valid as though registered in a public record-office, and I have issued it to you in duplicate without erasure or addition. The third year of the Emperor Caesar Titus Aelius Hadrianus Antoninus Augustus Pius, Tubi 5. I, Horion son of Heracleus ... I, Hermaeus son of Diogenes, have effected the sale and received the price as aforesaid and I will make the notification, receiving the additional 40 silver drachmae.’

            =>
         =T>
      