
         <T=.en
            <=
               ((1)) … to come down to us … your coming down … without
                      delay come down to us with the complement, as aforesaid, of the public
                      gold taxes and extraordinary taxes and the remaining imposts required
                      from your administrative district, not delaying anything at all of them.
                      ((7)) For God knows that you shall never depart again from us if there is
                      even one single penny in arrear from you ‒be sure of that! For we
                      are very anxious (?) that your work should be more energetic and
                      trustworthy than it is; for indeed the Amīr al-Mu’minīn will
                      not tolerate that on any pretext there should be delay in paying any
                      of the complement of the taxes required as aforesaid from your district,
                      and if you had had any proper sense you would not have required
                      many letters from us on this account. ((17)) Collect, therefore, completely
                      whatsoever is due from you, and come down quickly, bringing with
                      you the men from your district whom we named to you in our previous
                      letters, and also a register of places giving the male population in each,
                      with the poll-tax to which they are liable and the amount of each man's
                      holding in land and the services he has rendered with instructions and
                      without, and in fact do not let us find that you have omitted anything
                      at all in our commands regarding this matter, nor give any ground
                      of complaint or cause of displeasure whatsoever against yourself; for
                      we intend by God's command to recompense the man whose conduct
                      is good and to wipe out the unjust and unscrupulous wastrel. ((29)) Therefore
                      do not require another letter from us on this matter after the present
                      one, lest retribution overtake you which will destroy your life and
                      estate. Therefore, as we have often said, exert yourself zealously to
                      come down to us without delay and to bring down whatever there is
                      in your district of the public gold taxes and the various other imposts,
                      performing without neglect also the instructions given you in our
                      present and former letters; for indeed we desire nothing except that
                      you should come down to us quickly with the taxes required from
                      your district without deficit. ((40)) Written the 15th Thoth, 8th indiction.
                     /*Translation: H.I. Bell, Translations of the Greek Aphrodito Papyri (1911) 272-273*/
            =>
         =T>
      