
         <T=.en
            <=
               ((1)) … fearing God and preserving justice and equity in the assessment
                      of the quota apportioned by them in accordance with … each (?)
                      undertook (?) and to the best of his ability; and cause the overseer
                      with four other notable persons in your district to [assist?] them in
                      the said assessment. ((7)) And when they have finished this, send to us
                      a register containing particulars as to the amount assigned to each
                      person among them, showing us in it the name and patronymic and
                      place of residence of those who assessed the said fine. ((12)) And let it not
                      come to our knowledge that you have in any respect at all cheated
                      the people of your district in the matter of the fine distributed by you,
                      or that you have shown any preference or antipathy at all to any one
                      in the assessment of the said fine. ((17)) For we know that the persons who
                      are to assess it will certainly not disobey you in any instructions given
                      them by you, and if we find that they have assessed any one too lightly
                      through partiality or too heavily through antipathy, we shall requite
                      them both in their persons and in their estates by God's command.
             ((22)) Therefore exhort them and warn them about this and also (tell them)
                      not to assess any of the officials beyond his means, even if he is at a
                      distance from them and does not join them in the assessment of the
                      said fine, but to treat each with justice as aforesaid and assess him
                      according to his means; ((28)) and cause the assessors of the said fine first
                      of all to make a written agreement in which they declare that if they
                      are proved after the assessment to have assigned to anyone an
                      apportionment beyond his means and to have assessed another too lightly, –
             ((32)) that they (themselves) in equal shares will make up the deficiency
                      caused through the person too heavily burdened in their assignment,
                      and will be liable besides to severe punishment for their disobedience
                      and disregard of our command; and the said agreement send to us with
                      the register of the quota assessed for the fine upon each person. ((40)) Written
                      the 6th Tybi, 8th ind.
                      By Basil 200s.
                      By the officials 200s.
                      Total 400s.
                      /*Translation: H.I. Bell, Translations of the Greek Aphrodito Papyri (1911) 276-277*/
            =>
         =T>
      