
         <T=.en
            <=
              ((1)) Panechotes also called Panares, ex-cosmetes of Oxyrhynchus,
                     through his friend Gemellus, to Apollonius, writer of shorthand, greeting. I have placed with you
                     my slave Chaerammon to be taught the signs which your son Dionysius knows,
                     for a period of two years dating from the present month Phamenoth of the
                     18th year of Antoninus Caesar the lord at the salary agreed upon
                     between us, 120 silver drachmae, not including feast-days;
                     of which sum you have received the first instalment amounting to 40 drachmae,
                     and you will receive the second instalment consisting of 40 drachmae when the boy has learnt the whole system,
                     and the third you will receive at the end of the period
                     when the boy writes fluently in every respect and reads faultlessly,
                     viz. the remaining 40 drachmae. ((11)) If you make him perfect within the period,
                     I will not wait for the aforesaid limit; but it is not lawful
                     for me to take the boy away before the end of the period, and he shall remain with you after the expiration of it
                     for as many days or months as he may have done no work. The 18th year of the Emperor Caesar Titus Aelius Hadrianus
                     Antoninus Augustus Pius, Phamenoth 5.
                     /*Translation: B.P. Grenfell – A.S. Hunt, P.Oxy. 4 724*/
            =>
         =T>
         <T=.en
            <=
              ((1)) Panechotes, also known as Panares, the former kosmetés from the city of Oxyrhynchus,
                     brings his greetings to the shorthand-writer, Apollonius, through the person of his friend Gemellus. I have placed
                     my slave Chaeramon with you to learn the symbols of which your son
                     Dionysius has knowledge. This apprenticeship is to be for a period of two years, excluding feast-days, commencing from the present month of Phamenoth
                     in the eighteenth year of the reign of our lord Antoninus Caesar and at the fee of
                     120 silver drachmas which we agreed to.
                     Of this sum you have received the first instalment of 40 drachmas; the
                     second payment of 40 drachmas you will receive once the boy has absorbed the contents of the entire manual;
                     the third payment of the remaining 40 drachmas you will receive at the completion of the period when
                     the boy is writing and reading flawlessly from every kind of prose. ((11)) If you complete his training within this period,
                     I will not wait until the end of the apprenticeship stipulated. However, I will have no right
                     to remove the boy from you before the end of the period, and he will remain with you after it for
                     however many days or months as he may have done no work.
                     /*Translation: M. Joyal, Greek and Roman Education (2009) 189-190*/
            =>
         =T>
         <T=.it
            <=
              ((1)) Panechotes, detto anche Panares, ex-kosmetes della città degli Ossirinchiti,
                     rappresentato dal proprio amico Gemello, saluta Apollonios stenografo. Io ho affidato a te
                     il mio schiavo Chairammon, perché apprenda i segni (tachigrafici), che tuo figlio Dionysios conosce,
                     per un periodo di due anni, a partire dal corrente mese di Phamenoth del
                     diciottesimo anno di Antonino Cesare il signore, per il salario
                     tra noi concordato di 120 dracme d’argento, fatta eccezione per i giorni festivi;
                     e di questa somma tu hai ricevuto la prima rata di 40 dracme
                     e riceverai la seconda rata di altrettante 40 dracme, quando il ragazzo avrà imparato tutto il commentario,
                     mentre ti darò la terza rata delle restanti 40 dracme al termine del periodo, quando
                     il ragazzo scriverà speditamente e leggerà senza errori.
            ((11)) Se tu lo perfezionerai dell’arte della stenografia, prima della fine del termine convenuto,
                     allora non aspetterò (per il pagamento della terza rata) che giunga la scadenza (dei due anni); ma non sarà lecito
                     a me sottrarlo entro il periodo convenuto; anzi egli resterà presso di te, anche scaduto il termine, per quanti
                     giorni o mesi egli si sia assentato. Anno diciottesimo dell’Imperatore Cesare Tito Elio Adriano
                     Antonino Augusto Pio, giorno quinto del mese di Phamenoth.
                     /*Translation: L. Migliardi Zingale, Vita privata e vita pubblica (1992) 21*/
            =>
         =T>
         <T=.fr
            <=
              ((1)) Panechôtès alias Panarès, ex-cosmète de la cité des Oxyrhynchites,
                     par l’intermédiaire de son ami Gemellos, au sténographe Apollonios, salut. Je t’ai remis
                     mon esclave Chairammon, pour l’apprentissage des signes que connaît ton fils
                     Dionysios, pour une période de deux ans à partir du mois courant de Phaménôth de la
                     dix-huitième année de notre maître Antoninus Cæsar. Les honoraires fixés
                     entre nous s’élèvent à cent vingt drachmes d’argent, sans les jours fériés.
                     Tu en as reçu une première portion de quanrante drachmes;
                     tu recevras la deuxième portion de quarante drachmes lorsque l’esclave aura assimilé le „commentaire“ en entier;
                     quant à la troisième tranche, correspondant aux quarante drachmes restantes, tu la recevras à la fin de la période (d’apprentissage), lorsque
                     l’esclave pourra écrire et lire sans faute n’importe quel texte de prose.
            ((11)) Si tu achèves son parcours dans le temps imparti, je n’attendrai pas l’expiration du délai; mais il ne me sera pas permis
                     de retirer l’esclave pendant la période d’apprentissage, et il restera auprès de toi après cette période autant
                     de jours ou de mois qu’il aura été absent de son travail. La 18e année de l’Empereur Cæsar Titus Ælius Hadrien
                     Antoninus, Augustus, Pius, le 5 Phaménôth.
                     /*Translation: R. Burnet, L'Égypte ancienne (2003) 215-216*/
            =>
         =T>
         <T=.de
            <=
              ((1)) Penechotes, mit Zweitnamen Panares, ehemals Kosmet in Oxyrhynchos,
                     durch seinen Freund Gemellus an den Tachygraphen Apollonios. Ich habe
                     meinen Sklaven Chairammon zu Dir gegeben, damit er in den Zeichen unterrichtet wird, die Dein Sohn
                     Dionysios beherrscht, auf zwei Jahre, vom gegenwärtigen Monat Phamenoth im
                     18. Jahr des Kaisers Antoninus, des Herrn, für den unter uns vereinbarten Lohn
                     von 120 Silberdrachmen, ohne Festtagsgeschenke;
                     hiervon hast Du bereits die erste Zahlung, 40 Drachmen; die
                     zweite wirst Du erhalten, wenn der Sklavenjunge den gesamten 'Kommentar' beherrscht,
                     40 Drachmen; die dritte wirst Du am Ende der Ausbildungszeit erhalten, wenn der
                     Sklavenjunge in vollem, üblichem Umfang fehlerfrei schreibt und liest,
                     die restlichen 40 Drachmen. ((11)) Wenn Du ihn vor Ablauf der Ausbildungszeit
                     perfekt machst, werde ich das vereinbarte Datum nicht abwarten; umgekehrt ist mir nicht gestattet,
                     den Sklaven vor Ablauf der Ausbildungszeit fortzuholen, sondern er soll über ihr Ende hinaus
                     so viele Tage oder Monate bei Dir bleiben, wie er versäumt hat. Im 18. Jahr des Imperator Caesar Titus Aelius Hadrianus
                     Antoninus Augustus Pius, am 5. Phamenoth.
                     /*Translation: W. Eck – J. Heinrichs, Sklaven und Freigelassene (1993) 65-66*/
            =>
         =T>
      