
         <T=.en
            <=
              /*Translation: from P.Oxy. 2*/
              To ... from ..., son of Diogenes, son of Theogenes, his mother being Ptolema, ... , of Oxyrhynchus, living in Heracles-place quarter. Following the orders concerning the selection of persons approaching the age for being incorporated among those from the gymnasium, I declare that my son Theogenes by Isidora, daughter of Ptolemaeus, is thirteen years of age in the present 14th year of the Emperor Caesar Domitianus Augustus Germanicus, and lives in the said quarter. Wherefore, coming forward for his selection, I declare that my father Diogenes, son of Theogenes, son of Philiscus, his mother being Sinthoönis, daughter of Achilleus, was selected at the selection which took place in the 5th year of the deified Vespasian under Sutorius Sotas, ex-strategus, ... ex-basilicogrammateus, and the other proper Officials in the said quarter, in accordance with the proofs produced by him that his father Theogenes, son of Philiscus, was entered as the grandson of a gymnasiarch in the list of those from the gymnasium made in the 34th year of the deified Caesar, among the persons who have no amphodarch; that I myself was placed among the unselected owing to non-residence; that my mother Ptolema married my father before the 7th year of Nero and was registered by him in the house-to-house census of the following 8th year as the daughter of Philiscus, son of Philiscus, ex-gymnasiarch of the said city; that my wife and the mother of my son, Isidora, married me in the 7th year of Nero, and that ber father Ptolemaeus, son of Ammonius... had likewise been selected in the same year (i.e. the 7th of Nero) and in the same Heracles-place quarter, in accordance with the proofs produced by him that his father Ammonius, son of Ptolemaeus, was (included) in the list of the 34th year of the deified Caesar in the same quarter. And I swear by the Emperor Caesar Domitianus Augustus Germanicus that Theogenes is the son of Isidora, and neither adopted nor supposititious ...; otherwise may I be liable to the consequences of the oath. /*Signature.*/
            =>
         =T>
      