
         <T=.en
            <=
               /*Translation: from P.Oxy. 1*/ In the consulship of the most illustrious Flavius Ursus and Flavius Polemius, Pharmouthi 2. To Aurelius Aëtius, ex-magistrate of the illustrious and most illustrious city of Oxyrhynchus, from Aurelius Ptolemaeus, son of Horion, of the same city. I have approached in a petition his excellency my lord the praefect of Egypt, Flavius Antonius Theodorus, wherein I accused Pataësis and Panechotes, of the village of Lile in the fifth district, who are making illegal encroachments on my estates. I now hand in to you the injunctions which in reply he wrote to your clemency and impartiality, together with the petition which I made, in order that you may carry his orders into effect. They are as follows :—“Flavius Antonius Theodorus to Aëtius, ex-magistrate of the Oxyrhynchite nome, greeting. If the accused persons protest against the restoration of the estates of which they are said to be in occupation and of which, as at least the accompanying document testifies, the rightful owner is the accuser, take care to enforce the precepts of the law and to have the preliminary proceedings of the court conducted under legal forms.”
               The following is the copy of the application :—
               “To his excellency the praefect Flavius Antonius Theodorus from Aurelius Ptolemaeus, son of Horion, of Oxyrhynchus. Everything, it may be said, that is able to withstand the power of the law withstands but for a short time and then submits to the law’s correcting vengeance. Pataësis Luluntis and Panechotes of the village of Lile in this nome are oppressing me and occupying my own estates which descended to me by right of inheritance from my grandmother. Knowing your goodness, I beg you to allow Aëtius, ex-magistrate, to be judge in this matter; and let his inquiry concern two points, firstly, whether these estates really belonged to the old lady, and secondly, whether she made any written cession of them to these men. In this way their aggression against me will be made clear. For they can produce no written proof of sale by her, nor show that she made any other cession than is implied in the fact that while I lived with her in the city they were in the village and made indefensible encroachments on my estates. If I receive this benefit I shall be eternally grateful to your highness.”
               (Signed) I, Aurelius Ptolemaeus, have presented this application.
               We, Aurelius Pataësis and Aurelius Panechotes, have seen the above on this fifth day of Pharmouthi. I, Aurelius Ammonius, son of Horion, signed for them, as they were unable to write.
            =>
         =T>
      