
         <T=.en
            <=
               /*Translation: from P.Oxy. 1*/ In the 24th year of the reign of our most godly and pious sovereign Fl. Justinian, the eternal Augustus and Imperator, which is the 8th year after the consulship of Fl. Basilius the most illustrious, Phaophi 22, 14th indiction, in the city of Oxyrhynchus.
               To Flavius Apion the all-honoured and most magnificent, of consular rank, a land- owner at this illustrious city of Oxyrhynchus, through Menas his servant who is acting on his behalf and assuming for his master the same all-honoured Apion the conduct and responsibility of the transaction, from the council of the chief men of the village of Takona, in the Oxyrhynchite nome, which village is dependent upon your honour’s house, through us, Aurelius Phoebammon, overseer, son of Pekusius, Aurelius Anoup, son of Aritsi, Aurelius Menas, his brother, Aurelius Koulaetb, son of John, Aurelius Anoup, son of Priscus, Aurelius Heraclides, son of Palmas, Aurelius Phib, son of Julius, and the other officials of this village, greeting. We acknowledge that we have received from your honour on loan and have had measured out to us from the harvest of the present 14th indiction as seed for the crops of our lands in the approaching (D.V.) 15th indiction, two hundred artabae of uncleansed corn by measure, given to us by the heirs of the sainted Menas, son of Osklas, captain of a boat belonging to your honoured house, total 200 artab. corn. We will pay back without fail to your honour the same amount of corn, new and sifted, according to the measure by which we received it, along with the tax payable by us, in the month Payni of the current 227th=the 196th year and of the present 14th indiction, out of the new crops of the coming (D.V.) 15th indiction, without delay and on the security of all our property which is thereto pledged. This bond, of which this copy only is made, is valid, and in reply to the formal question we have given our assent. (Second hand.) The council of the chief men of the village of Takona in the Oxyrhynchite nome, through the names herein above written, (has given) to your honour this bond for two hundred artabae of uncleansed corn by measure, total 200 artab. uncl. corn, which we will pay back at the date fixed; and we agree to all that is herein contained as it is above written, and in answer to the formal question have given our consent and discharge. I, Aurelius Heraclides, scribe of the village of Takona, signed for them at their request, as they were illiterate. Executed by me, Philoxenus.
            =>
         =T>
      