
         <T=.en
            <D=.r 
               <=
                  ((1)) In the seventh year of the reign of our most divine and pious lord Flavius Mauricius Tiberius, eternal Augustus, Emperor, and the sixth consulship of the same, Epeiph, 20 … in Apollonopolis Mikra.
(((4))) Victor, son of Cornelius of the … memory and Maria, God willing, monk of the holy monastery of Apa Makrobios, coming from the village of Teryphis of the Apollonopolite nome, to Menas son of Victor and Eirene, 
my home-born slave, coming from the village of Pouchis of the Antaipolites nome, greetings. 
((7)) Willing to find mercy in the moment my death, in the terryfing judgement or our Lord Jesus Christ, I set you, the afore-mentioned Menas, free from any chin of slavery, in order to find, as mentioned above, 
remission and redemption of all my sins.
(((11))) For this I, the afore-mentioned Victor, acknowledge, willing and convinced and (acting) without any violence or deceit or constraint or fraud or any deception or circumvention or  any violation of laws, 
that I set you, the afore-mentioned Menas, free from every chain of slavery, for now and in perpetuity and continuity, so that no one from my circle, at any chance or time, be able to drag you to the slavery, 
or remaind you, or annoy you or …  concerning any matter in general (either) in or out of court, in or out of the province, low or high, neither through my heirs, nor through my representative, 
or any other intermediary, for I completed this manumission for you willing and convinced.
((22)) For your security, and that this the matter and that I shall not withdraw, I took an oath by the holy and consubstantial Trinity, and my holy dignity, 
and of the safety, victory and continuity of our serene lords Flavius Mauricius Tiberius and Aelia Constantina, eternal Augusts and Emperors, 
to be obliged and keep to the the force of this emancipation entirely, and to never go against it or a part of it. 
((29)) If any of my heirs at any occasion or time dare to approach this emancipation, he will pay for the transgression ... ounces of gold … when he demands by action and force, 
and not less is this document always unbroken and unshaken. …
And having been asked the formal question to my face, I agreed that this is so to the limits that I will act, give, do and keep.
(((38))) (hand 2) I, the above-mentioned Victor, son of Cornerius, made this manumission…
((39)) (hand 3) I, … son of Pinoution, witness to the manumission having heard it from the one who made it.
((41)) (hand 4) I, Antinoos, son of Senouthes, from Pouchis, witness to the manumission having heard it from the one who made it.
((42)) (hand 5) I, … from Teryphis, witness to the manumission having heard it from the one who made it. (Translation by Law in Social Networks project)

               =>
            =D>
            <D=.v 
               <=
                  ((1))
               =>
            =D>
         =T>
      