
         <T=.en
            <=
              /*Translation: from P.Oxy. 9*/
              Kerkeura, three branches.
              Sarapion to Peteuris, comogrammateus of Kerkeura, greeting. A copy is appended of the document sent to me by Dioscurides, basilicogrammateus. Go therefore to the objects specified as concerning Didymus son of Heracleides, namely 2 branch of a live
              persea-tree at the Thoëreum of Osorphnas, and two dry branches of a living persea-tree in the temple of Harpebekis at the tomb of the sacred animals, and see whether they are dry and ought to be appropriated by the privy purse in accordance with the tariff, add the true value with a signed declaration and report clearly, making it your aim that nothing be concealed or done by favour, knowing that you will be held accountable in any inquiry concerning facts that remain unknown. The 42nd year of Caesar, Mecheir 24.
              Dioscurides to Sarapion, topogrammateus of the middle toparchy, and to Peteuris, comogrammateus of Kerkeura, and Dionysius, comogrammateus of Peënno, greeting. A copy is appended of the document delivered to us from the person below written in accordance with the instructions of Quintus Attius Fronto,controller of the privy purse. In furtherance of the object stated go to the branches and acacia-trees indicated and see whether they are dry and ought to be appropriated by the privy purse in accordance with the tariff, add the true value with a signed declaration and report clearly, making it your aim that nothing be concealed or done by favour, knowing that you will be held to account for facts that remain unknown. The 42nd year of Caesar, Mecheir 9.
              For the privy purse. Signed by me, Dioscurides. The 42nd year of Caesar, Mecheir g.
              To the basilicogrammateus of the Oxyrhynchite nome. Appended is a copy of the memorandum presented to me from Didymus son of Heraclides, with the endorsement made below it. Go then to the logs therein stated and see if they are dry and have no owner and ought to be appropriated by the privy purse in accordance with the tariff, and after learning their condition and adding the true value furnish a report, making it your aim that nothing be concealed, knowing that you will be held accountable. The 42nd year of Caesar, Mecheir 9.
              To Quintus Attius Fronto from Didymus son of Heraclides. I wish to purchase in the Oxyrhynchite nome from the privy purse some dried logs which have no owner and ought to be appropriated by the privy purse in accordance with the tariff, namely at the village of Kerkeura in the middle toparchy in the Thoëreum of Osorphnas a single branch of a small persea-tree, dried and worth six drachmae, and in the temple of Harpebekis on the tomb of the sacred animals two dried branches of a living persea-tree worth two drachmae, and at the village of Peënno in the same toparchy in the temple of Ammon a dried branch of a living persea-tree worth two drachmae, and near the same village in the holding of Melanthius in the cutting made in the great dyke two fallen acacia-trees worth eight drachmae, total value 18 drachmae, and I will give no trouble with regard to...nor to anything else at al, if it seems good to you to give instructions to the secretaries that on my paying as the price the aforesaid 18 drachmae of silver I may receive the proper authorization.
              To the secretaries. Let a letter be written to the basilicogrammateus for an inspection. The 42nd year of Caesar, Mecheir 9.
              Read by me. The 42nd year of Caesar, Mecheir 9.
              To the comogrammateus. Inspect and report. The 42nd year of Caesar, Mecheir 24.
            =>
         =T>
      