
         <T=.en
            <=
              /*Translation: from P.Oxy. 9*/
              Aurelius Didymus also called Sarapion, priest and archidicastes, to the keepers of the archives in the Hermopolite nome, greeting. A copy is appended of the communication that has been made tome. The 13th year of Gallienus Augustus, Pauni II. The official of the bureau...
              To Aurelius Didymus also called Sarapion, priest, archidicastes, and superintendent of the chrematistae and other courts, from Aurelia Isidora. Appended is a copy of the publication which has been effected.
              To Aurelius Didymus also called Sarapion, priest, archidicastes, and superintendent of the chrematistae and other courts, from Aurelia Isidora styled the daughter of Aristos. Appended is a copy of the bond issued to me in duplicate with the subscription beneath it.
              Aurelius Morus son of Hareotes and Minous, of the village of Teïs in the Oxyrhynchite nome, to Aurelia Isidora styled daughter of Aristos, of the said village of Teïs, greeting. I acknowledge that I have sold and ceded to you from henceforth for ever the share falling to my father Hareotes of a free space in the middle part of the village, whereof the boundaries are, on the south the property of Ammonas son of Politas, on the north that of Cronius also called Nepotianus, senator, on the east that of Achilles also called Antoninus, on the west that of Cornelius son of Artemidorus, at the price mutually agreed upon, namely one hundred and twenty drachmae of silver of the Imperial coinage, total 120 dr. of silver, which I received from you forthwith from hand to hand in full. Therefore from henceforth you shall own and possess with your descendants and successors the aforesaid free space and shall have power to sell it to others and manage and dispose of it as you choose without hindrance and no one shall in any wise proceed against you, and I will further guarantee the property always against al claims with every guarantee and free from persons’ property-returns and the cultivation of royal or domain land and from every obligation or debt or lien of every kind, public or private. And I have delivered this bond to you in duplicate with my subscription, and you shall make it public through the bureau whenever you choose without requiring any further consent or concurrence from me, because I now agree to the future publication, and to your question whether this is done rightly and fairly I have given my assent. The thirteenth year of the Emperor Caesar Publius Licinius Gallienus Germanicus Maximus Pius Felix Augustus, Choiak 4. I, Aurelius Morus son of Hareotes, have sold the free space falling to me and have received the price as aforesaid. I, Aurelius Apollonius, wrote for him, as he was illiterate.
              And whereas I desire that a single copy of the duplicate bond shall be publicly registered, I give to the city the prescribed 12 drachmae and the ad valorem tax, and request that on receiving it from the person sent by me, Aurelius Apollonius, with his attestation that the subscription is the writer’s autograph, you register it together with this memorandum at the Library of Hadrian, and a copy at the Library of the Nanaeum, in order that my rights in virtue of it may be assured as by a public deed, owing to the assent to the publication. The 13th year of Gallienus Augustus, Pauni.
              And whereas I desire that this should be communicated to the keepers of the property registers of the Oxyrhynchite nome, I request that on receiving the publication with the subscription you will give orders for a letter to be written for their information.
              Let the proper steps be taken, The 13th year of our lord Gallienus Augustus, Pauni 9.
              I, Aurelius Isidora daughter of Aristos, have presented this memorandum and it has been registered. The 3rd year which = the 1st year, Pachon 30. I, Aurelius Theon also called Harpalus, son of Demetrius, wrote for her, as she was illiterate.
              (Endorsed) Communication of publication, for Aurelia Isidora.
            =>
         =T>
      