
         <T=.en
            <=
              /*Translation: from P.Oxy. 10*/
              For good fortune. Aurelia Thaësis daughter of Eudaemon and Heraïs, of Oxyrhynchus, acting with Aurelius Theon also called Nepotianus and however he is styled, has given her daughter Aurelia Tausiris in marriage to the husband Aurelius Arsinoiis son of Tryphon and Demetria, of the said city, to whom the said giver contributes as the dowry of her said daughter the bride in common gold on the Oxyrhynchite standard a necklace of the kind called maniaces, having a stone and weighing apart from the stone 13 quarters, a brooch (?) with 5 stones set in gold, weighing apart from the stones 4 quarters, a pair of ear-rings with 10 pearls weighing apart from the pearls 3 quarters, a small ring weighing 4 quarter, and in clothing at a valuation a silvery striped Dalmatian veil worth 260 drachmae, a white, single, tasselled, striped frock worth 160 drachmae, a turquoise-coloured Dalmatian veil worth 100 drachmae, another white Dalmatian veil with a purple border worth 100 drachmae, making the total of the whole dowry 1 mina 4 1/2 quarters of common gold, and for the valuation of the clothing 620 drachmae, a sum total to which no addition has been made; and questioned concerning the aforesaid dowry by the giver of the bride Aurelia Thaësis, the bridegroom Aurelius Arsinoüs agreed that he had received the full number at the aforesaid weight and valuation. Let husband and wife therefore live blamelessly together, observing the duties of marriage, and the husband shall supply his wife with al necessaries in proportion to his means; but if—which heaven forbid—in consequence of an estrangement a separation of the parties takes place, the husband shall restore to the giver of the bride, if she be living, or if not, to the bride, the aforesaid dowry in full within 60 days from the day on which a demand for restoration is made, the gold objects in accordance with the amount of the weight in each case. while, in respect of the clothes at a valuation, the bride’s representatives shall have the choice of keeping them at the valuation to be then made and receiving the balance in silver, or receiving the aforesaid valuation, the responsibility for the wear and loss of all these resting with the husband. If at the time of the separation the bride should be pregnant, the husband shall give her on account of the expenses of the birth 40 drachmae; and in connexion with the demand of the aforesaid dowry the bride’s representatives shall have the right of execution upon both the husband and all his property. This contract is valid,being written in duplicate so that each party may have one copy, and whenever they or one of them chooses, he shall make it public through the bureau, without requiring the concurrence of the other side or any further consent, because both sides now agree to the future publication, and to each other’s questions whether this is done rightly and fairly they have given their assent. The 7th year of the Emperors and Caesars Publius Licinius Valerianus and Publius Licinius Valerianus Gallienus Germanici Maximi Pii Felices and Publius Licinius Cornclius Saloninus Valerianus, the most noble Caesar, Augusti, Mecheir 2. (Signed) I, Aurelia Thaësis, have given my daughter in marriage to the above mentioned Arsinoüs and have made over to him the aforesaid dowry asaforesaid,and in answer to the formal question have declared my consent. I, Aurelius Theon also called Nepotianus, was associated with her and wrote on her behalf, as she is illiterate. I, Aurelius Arsinoüs, have received the aforesaid dowry, and if—which heaven forbid—a separation take place, I will restore it as aforesaid, and in answer to the formal question I have declared my consent.
            =>
         =T>
      