
         <T=.en
            <=
              /*Translation: from P.Oxy. 12*/
              To Aurelius Anubion, strategus of the Oxyrhynchite nome, from Aurelia Didyme also called Dionysia, and however she is styled, through Aurelius Nilus, scribe. A copy of the communication which I have received from the bureau is as follows.
              Aurelius Casius, priest and archidicastes, to the strategus of the Oxyrhynchite nome, greeting. Let a copy of the publication which has been effected be served, as follows. Good-bye. The 24th year of Aurelius Severus Antoninus Caesar the lord, Mecheir 5. I, Marcus Aurelius Harpocration, have signed for 14 drachmae. I, Marcus Aurelius Nemesianus also called Irenaeus, and however I am styled, scribe of the bureau, wrote the document.
              To Lucius Septimius Aurelius Casius, priest, archidicastes, and superintendent of the chrematistae and other courts, from Aurelia Didyme also called Dionysia, and however she is styled. Appended is a copy of the bond issued to me in duplicate and of the signature beneath it. “Pekusis son of Peusirion and Tetheus, of Oxyrhynchus, to Aur. Didyme also called Dionysia, and however she is styled, through Suchammon, freedman of your grandfather Aurelius Diogenes, greeting. I acknowledge that I owe you the 45 artabae of wheat which I received from you on loan, and will repay these to you without interest in the month of Epeiph of the present 23rd year in wheat that is new, pure, unadulterated, unmixed with earth or barley, sifted, and measured into the public granary here in the Oxyrhynchite nome by your receiving-measure of the village of Syron, the measurement being performed by your agents, all without any delay, or, if I fail, I will forfeit to you interest for the overtime at the rate of half the capital, you having the right of execution upon both my person and all my property of every kind. This bond, written in duplicate, is valid wheresoever it is produced and whosoever produces it on your behalf. The 23rd year Choiak 20. I, Pekusis son of Pausirion, have received the aforesaid 45 artabae, and will repay them as aforesaid.” The period of the loan having expired and no repayment having been made, I desire that of this duplicate bond [a single copy should be sent to the Library of Hadrian etc.
            =>
         =T>
      