
            <T=.en
               <D=.5 
               <=
                  ((1))Under the idiologus. Property in the name of Isamas and Timagenes under litigation with Parammon, son of Timagenes, who claimed a legal decision from his father concerning the property and other objects shown to be possessed by the father of Isamas and his party by inheritance from the father of Isamas(?) as a result of an unprobated will made in the 10th year. 
                  ((4))In regard to this matter the idiologus made the following subscription: Let the revenue be sequestrated until they inform me (of the legal disposition of ownership?). In this class the following property is held: at Mochyris, part(?) of an enclosure west of the walled enclosure of Collythus, bounded on the south by rough land and on the west by the field of Collythus. From this the revenue from the 16th to the 20th year annually was 5 medimni of barley, and for water assessment 12 denarii. 
                  ((7))Also it was shown that he had purchased from his brother Dionysius, by a deposit of earnest money in the 13th year of the divine Aelius Antoninus and the divine Aelius Verus, in the field called that of Collythus, a half share of a court and rooms; and near the court a half share of a meadow; also a share of a well and cistern south of the rooms; and a part of an unfinished cistern to the west of the field. This land is bounded on the south and west by the property of Codrus, on the north by a vineyard belonging to the heirs of Ammonia, daughter of Apollos, and on the east by rough ground. From this the revenue from the 16th to the 20th year annually was 4 ceramia of wine, for water assessment 10 denarii, and for rent 2 denarii. 
                  ((12)) Also the lands first parcelled out in accordance with the survey of the 29th year, in accordance with the communications from (the office of) the assessment of taxes as has been indicated above: the property of Philammon, son of Sarapion, former synallagmatographus, who did not file the proper records at the record-office. The property lies at Sichien in the property called that of Cothon, also known as Boxylus. To the east and west of the property are 7 ar. of vineyard all barren. It is bounded on the south by a wall, on the north by a wall and building, on the west by a wall? and the canal of the property, and on the east by the property belonging to the heirs of Isaman, son of Ammonius, and others. From the 16th to the 20th year the annual tax was 20 denarii. 
                  ((18))Also in the place Hexacon near Mochyris 2 1/2 ar. partly barren; bounded on the south by rough land, on the north by the above mentioned property, on the east by the brook from the glen, and on the west by the property of Pisthar. The revenue from the 16th year to the 20th was 6 medimni of barley annually and 3 1/2 ceramia of wine. 
                  (((20)))Belonging to the same is a walled enclosure in which is the cistern Sathruthion; bounded on the north and south by buildings, on the east by rough land, and on the west by (the land of) Pisthartus. The annual tax from the 16th-20th year was 2 medimni of barley.
                  (((22)))Belonging to the same is a pottery in ruined condition; bounded on the south by Pisthartus, and on the west by rough ground, a vineyard and the above mentioned enclosure. No tax. 
               =>
            =D>
            <D=.6 
               <=
                  (((44)))Property of Eumedes and Azameus, sons of Thiners, in the district of Acheis at the place called Chardio: a court, house, and noubis; bounded on the south and north by rough ground, on the east by the buildings of Ithalas, and on the west by open lots. The annual rent from the 16th-20th years was 8 denarii. Also in the same Acheis 22 ar. out of 20 ar.; boundaries of the entire grove on the south a wall and the water intake. The annual tax from the 16th-20th years was 5 1/2 ceramia of wine. 
               =>
            =D>
            <D=.7 
               <=
                  (((1)))Property of Azameus, son of Eumedes, in the village of Thaunothis: a house and noubis; bounded on the south by rough ground, on the north by the land of the heirs of Ithalas, son of Ithalas, on the east by the land of Addave, and on the west by rough ground. The annual tax from the 16th-20th years was 8 denarii for water assessment. 
                  (((3)))Belonging to the same on the south of the village: a half share in a cistern; bounded on south and north by rough ground, on the east and north by the property of Eumedes and of the heirs of Eumedes. The annual tax from the 16th-20th years for the water assessment was 1 denarius. 
                  (((5)))Also the properties allotted for the first time in the 30th year, in accordance with the survey of the 29th year, from the communications from the office of the assessor of taxes as has been shown above. 
                  (((6)))The property of Gava, daughter of Ithalas son of Thiners, impeached for having improperly claimed the property of Quintus Pomponius Demetrianus west of Anussas in the district of Anchaei (or Acheis?) lying in the side valley to Anaboleus: vineyard under cultivation with fig trees and a meadow measuring 1 ar.; bounded on the south by the property of Tryphon, also called Nicon, and the property of Pomponius Demetrius. The revenue from the 16th-20th years annually was 16 ceramia of wine and 1 medimnus of figs. 
                  (((11)))Also in the field of Anaboleus a fourth share of a vineyard and 5 meadows; bounded on the north meadow by the land of Pomponius Demetrius and on the east and west in all fields by the water channels. The annual tax from the 16th-20th years was 6 1/2 ceramia of wine. 
                  (((13)))Property(?) held in lis pendens regarding a pignus of Lucretius Justus, who undertook to give legal proof that property assigned to Calaponius Crispus belonged to a certain Aurelius. (To this the idiologus made the notation) 'If the question is not decided within two months, let the revenues be sequestrated.
                  ((15))Now when Calaponius Crispus brought a letter from the excellent idiologus, Julius Licinnianus, in which it appears that he is released from the judicial inquiry, the property of the others implicated in the matter are subjoined.

                  /*Translation: A.C. Johnson, Roman Egypt (1936) no.18*/
               =>
            =D>
        =T>
        