
         <T=.en
            <=
               ((1)) “-  -  -  - and whatever he will still acquire], and to the same wife, Tamystha, all the furniture, the household goods and the clothes . . .
((2)) and to manumit the female slave he owns, Isarus, on his death; on condition that Isarus herself will also offer her services to his wife Tamystha,
((3)) [as long as she lives], but the taxes on manumission are for Tamystha and all the debts the declarant will appear to have, either to the state or to private persons, will be paid
((4)) by the same wife Tamystha; on condition that the three sons will jointly look after their father’s funeral and laying out; on condition that Euhemeros will cultivate the Claudian lands and Kastor
((5)) the part of the Germanician estate that falls to him, but the three sons will jointly cultivate the part of the Camelian estate that falls to him; on condition that the daughters will look after the irrigations and the drainings,
((6)) as usual, and that nobody will be permitted to throw earth into the drainage pipes; on condition that the three sons will jointly supply ten ? Arsinoitic jars of new must yearly to their two sisters in the month Kaisareios
((7)) in Karanis for a period of ten years from the moment their father has passed away. Euhemeros must be the guardian over their brother Kastor without trustee and without being accountable. And if it happens that one of the male
((8)) children dies childless and intestate, [his portion] must belong to the surviving male children; but if one of the daughters (dies childless and intestate), [her portion] must belong to the surviving female. His wife Tamystha, daughter of Herakleides, concurring party and
((9)) guardian, acting with her son Herakleides as her guardian, about XX years old, with a scar on her left knee and Herakleides himself, his own son, about 20? years old, with a scar on his right elbow, and Aphrodisia, about 32 years old, with a scar on her left foot, and Heraïs, about 25 years old, with a scar on her left shin,
((10)) each with her husband as her guardian, Aphrodisia with Petheus, son of Petheus, about XX years old, with a scar on the right side of his forehead, and Heraïs with Mar[- ], son of Sarapion, about [XX] years old, with a scar on the right side of his forehead, appeared before the notary and agreed to all that has been ordered.
((11)) The declarant, Petheus, son of NN, - - - [has made?] the division of the garden with olive trees? and of the capital and the interest. The document is binding everywhere.
            =>
         =T>
      