
         <T=.en
            <=
               ((1)) ‘The 3rd year of the Emperor Caesar ... at Oxyrhynchus in the Thebaid. (((3))) Aphroditous also called Demarous, freedwoman of Epicrates son of Epicrates son of Heraclides, 
of Oxyrhynchus, by adoption daughter of Epicrates and of his wife Thaisous also called Thaesis daughter of Heraclides, with her guardian her husband Adrastus 
son of … and Eudaemonis, of Philonicus in the … nome, ((7)) agrees with Flavius Apion however he is styled, in the street, that she has ceded to him … the 6 2/3 arourae of catoecic land 
which belong to her near Psobthis in the eastern toparchy in the additional holding of Ptolemaeus son of Theodotus son on … , ((12)) of which land the adjacent areas are stated 
in the documents dealing with the previous ownerships, and the she delivers to Flavius Apion, his children, and assigns the 6 2/3 which are ceded, together with the other … , 
by a valid deed for ever in accordance with the returns and orders concerning them, in lieu of the sum received by Aphroditous herself from Flavius Apion for the cession, 
namely 1000 drachmae of Imperial silver coin, in full, and that the contracting part Aphroditous also called Demarous will not violate this contract or any part of it under any 
circumstances, ((22)) but will deliver all the 6 2/3 arourae ceded to Flavius Apion and to his assigns for all time with every guarantee free from all public imposts and all other taxes 
from previous times up to the 5th intercalary day of the month Caesareus of the past 2nd year including the 2nd year, ((26)) because the produce of the present year belongs to 
Flavius Apion who shall be responsible for the public imposts from Thoth of the present year. ((28)) If the contracting part violates any of these provisions, 
her action shall be invalid and shall in addition forfeit to Flavius Apion or his assigns for each aggression both the amount of the damage and a fine of 1000 drachmae of silver 
and to the State the like sum, and nevertheless the contract shall be valid. The aforesaid adoptive mother of Aphroditous also called Demarous, Thaisous also called Thaesis 
daughter of Heraclides son of Olympus, her mother being Heraclea, of the metropolis of the Heracleopolite nome, with her guardian Heraclides son of Epicrates 
brother on the mother’s side of her above-mentioned and deceased husband and father of Aphroditous also called Demarous, Epicrates also called Apion, gives her consent 
to all the aforesaid provisions and conceded the land upon these terms. ((39)) This agreement is valid.’ Signatures of Aphroditous written by her guardian Adrastus, 
and of Thaisous written by her guardian Heraclides, and a list of the persons concerned in the contract with their ages and distinguishing marks.
/*Translation: as published in P.Oxy. 3 504*/
            =>
         =T>
      