
         <T=.en
            <=
               ((1)) … since … and after they had completed their lives … to have left undividedly their entire property in the field of our 
village of Arabon and in Antinoopolis, and part of a house situated in the same city of Antinoopolis, from the movable, immovable things and live-stock, and … we have divided 
between us the sellable things of our said blessed parents, from valuable to cheap objects and worth of an assarium, except for the things which are in the field … 
from different … people … into our hand … both of … them to be sold by us in any way we can … the price of them or to divide these things between us in equal share by just division. 
And now, after these, as there was doubt between us both concerning the said things in the field of our same blessed parents, since the property is taxable to the fund of our village … 
the synteleia of which and tax collection by the Public Treasury we could not bear to endure and we have often wished to give it away to the poor, and turn away from it, 
but also the rest of the estate on the pretext of the same property, until when, through the mediation of some friends, among whom … and the clarissimus uncle on our mother’s side, 
lord Kollouthos the scriniarius, we assumed their management over again and have made a just division of them for each other and satisfying to our friends, 
as agreed between us both in the same lawful written deed of division, through which each of us acknowledges to have already been alloted the share that belongs to him, ordained as follows.
((31))I, the aforementioned Philemon … acknowledge, through this lawful deed of division of ours, that I have been alloted as my inheritance, 
without transgression or repentance in any way or at any time, 
(((35)))(a) the the estate called Apalasias, situated on the Nile waters of Papnomthis, right opposite the monastery of Ama Tapollotos 
of most sacred memory, on the plain of the village of Arabon, with all its rights and all the appurtenances and dwelling and tower and reservoir and various trees, 
fruit-bearing and not fruit-bearing, and palms, and its entire area, both interior and exterior, within its old boundaries … of twenty four arourae more or less of plain land, 
together with a vine-bearing (piece of) land, and also the additional donation of the land flooded by the Nile that is there and its banks that have formed, that is shores, 
God willing, for every chance and circumstance they will be seen at each time, together with the dependencies of the same property, and the seven cucumber-beds with it, 
currently fruit-bearing, so that I, together with those who will succeed me and will receive all my inheritance, by just aim and division, 
according to the considered agreements to hold, rule, and own continually, from now and forever.
(((53)))I have also been allotted together with these, and no less, (b) an entire house situated in the same village of Arabon, 
near the holy church of the passing-through-all-trials martyr Apa Theodoros, open to the east, together with its original door and its side entrance, with all its rights, 
and the cottage attached to this house and all that it contains and two artificial wells, in general with every contracted for and delivered house-rent that may occur from them, 
so that I, the aforewritten Philemon be allowed, together with my heirs, successors and possessors after me to hold continually and perpetually with the right of ownership, 
without hindrance or let, necessarily in general.
((64))And in addition to these I have similarly been allotted (c) two persons who are siblings, the male one called Besas, and the female one called Matrona, 
together with their future descendants, of the … peculium for them each year and sent to me … /*Translation: Law in Social Networks Project (Warsaw)*/
            =>
         =T>
      