
         <T=.en
            <=
               ((1)) To king Ptolemy and queen Kleopatra the sister, mother-loving gods, greetings, Harendotes, son of Peteuris, 
your farmer, of those dwelling in Oxyrhyncha of the Polemon meris of the Arsinoite (nome). In year 34 I leased from Herakleides, 
son of Herakleides, 10-aroura phylakitês of those assigned to the allotments measured out in Ptolemais, [ --- ] arourai of land for growing grain. 
I spoke with Herakleides concerning this plot, and he asked that I give him in advance the rents for the purpose of the release of my… 
the commandment… made (?) a change by (?) forcing (his way?) into my house. I had already given him the rents in the winter, but Herakleides, 
arriving and breaking faith with the trust that adheres among men, and… taking as his accomplice Horion, the archiphylakitês from Oxyrhyncha, 
they hindered me from taking away (the produce) which they had previously agreed that I could (take), but Horion forced me to give him an agreement 
in which I promised I would give him a letter in which I said that I would put the produce in storage. And though I want to have the appropriate discussion 
about these matters with them, this same Herakleides and Horion now come to my house seeking pledges that they can get the rents from me a second time. 
Inappropriately, they refuse to listen (to me) about the pledges and to carry out the things in the commandment, and having done these things to me, 
(they refuse) to (let me?) enjoy the… in the area. Thus, they have forced me to flee to you. I ask that you send my petition to the chrêmatistai who 
judge private matters, whose eisagôgeus is Harmodios, so that they may receive it for trial, and summon Herakleides and Horion via Theodoros, 
epistatês of the village, and command them not to strip me, so as to prevent them from initiating thefts, nor to force their way into my house, 
nor to take pledges in any manner… the petitions to meet with…. Farewell.
(J. Bauschatz, Law and Enforcement, pp172–173)
            =>
         =T>
      