
         <T=.en
            <D=.r 
               <=
                  ((1)) To my lords and most honoured fathers; and to father Psais, the katholikos and priest; and to father N.N., priest; and to father Psais the administrator; (from) Theodoras, greetings in God.
(((3))) Thus, because a word has been set in motion for us then concerning God - that his name governs in the universe and it is God from whom exists life in the all - for whom it is also possible to distribute gifts to Kellis
in order that it will not be so deserted. And as it is even testified in the true writings of those chosen by God that he is hidden in the new man; and begotten, crucified, but unbegotten; 
and because he is in the house of Judah in Israel, for in Kellis was also the river;
(((8))) and that he is present among the people of a foreign language, in which God has really become a clothes-mender. For the divinely-chosen prophet Jeremias does not lie! ((9)) I, for that very reason, 
thrown into such oblivion and having suffered so great pains, and after having scarcely remembered that I am God; but crucified, begotten and unbegotten; 
((11)) and having learnt that no writing or else common instruction of mankind about God lies completely in its message; and that I suffer these things in my own kingdom;
I am at a loss as to what I can say! For truly,… after the foremost gifts had been brought to me here to my residence from every authority, I am stripped of the regalia and almost the substance itself of holy office.
So you yourself also know with whom the substance of our sanctity resides. ((15)) For it was not due to be with any person other than me, wherever I may be; even if I am not in the same sanctity as formerly. 
I was unfortunate in every respect and, as for which (?), living henceforth; and not only, but falling into sickness I am in distress [and] … until (?) the present. 
((18)) But I made clear what is necessary, Ο you most honourable bishops (?)
                         … [whether] to the priests elsewhere or to the landlords and the leaders,
                         … my property, in order that I send a message to the ruler of Egypt
                         … [requesting] the foremost gifts according to the register to be handed back to me with my property
                         … the register of all the property. For some, rejoicing exceedingly for me (?) in the
                         … ((23)) And such were the gifts: Fifteen golden carriages,
                         … regalia (?) and two … of most illustrious Alexandria, together with the
                         … (silver?) and golden platters, twenty-five of each and of the
                         …; but all the other associated garments in entirety the register indicates
                         … to me from … what is stored also in the sanctuaries and gold
                         … ((28)) concerning my companions then away from Egypt
                         … to come to one's senses from the oblivion … to be freed again
                         … I am crucified and the shining element of myself and the … of the
                         … for those who hold things that are written everywhere. And also the
                         … what is made known as worthy from each kingdom was brought
                         … from the beginning and those summoned until also
                         … kingdom according to the divine actions, which I was not yet accustomed
                         … and nothing of these things was brought to me to my face, not
                         … or through those who are in error. And especially this
                         … among which … also is due to have nurture
                         … being in distress
                         … loving of mankind … and through strong
                         … ((40)) [I greet] those related and belonging to me
                         … and the church of the holy (?) together with my people.
                         Be in good health and in good spirits
                         forever, in body and soul, most honoured friends.
               =>
            =D>
            <D=.v 
               <=
                  ((44)) To my lords and most honoured fathers …
                           To the priest of the Killa- (?) and father …
/*Translation: I. Gardner - K.A. Worp, ZPE 205 (2018) 130-131*/
               =>
            =D>
         =T>
      