
         <T=.en
            <=
               ((1)) …
                      and other villages greetings.
                      A copy of the application which had been given to us by Paosiris the elder, son of Paosiris,
                      is appended. Therefore, if the
                      property declared through it is clear,
                      send us a written report. Year 3 of Hadrianus
                      Caesar, the lord, Phamenoth 10. I have signed through Harsythes.
             (((8))) To Didymos and Ptolemaios the bibliophylakes
                      from Pausiris senior, son of Horos,
                      son of Pausiris,
                      his mother being Heras from Tholthis Kato. I declare
                      for the first time now from
                      what has devolved upon me in the name
                      of my father Horos, son of Pausiris, son of Horos, his mother being Tsenpausiris,
                      from the same village, who has died
                      intestate, ((17)) leaving me as eldest
                      son and my siblings Pausiris
                      junior and Horos and Melankomas
                      and Sinpausiris and Tsenmelankoma,
                      the six, the only children and heirs,
             ((22)) the shares that belong to me
                      of what the same father of mine possessed in
                      the same village of Tholthis in the eastern
                      parts, to the north of the dromos of the temple
                      of Geges (?) the greatest god,
                      one bikos, and from the remaining three bikoi,
                      one bikos, after two bikoi were sold by its previous owner
                      Pausiris alias Sarapas to […]genes,
                      son of Ptolemaios;
             ((30)) the two bikoi in total my father has not declared,
                      he bought them from
                      the aforementioned Pausiris
                      alias Sarapas, son of Pausiris, son of
                      Senthis, his mother being Tausiris, called
                      …, from the same
                      village according to an autograph deed of sale
                      in the month of Pharmouthi of the eleventh year of the deified
                      Trajan, ((40)) which deed,
                      the same father of mine having made public
                      through the registrar‘s office, informed
                      Pausiris alias Sarapas through
                      the assistant of the strategos.
                      …
                      /*Translation: M.G. Elmaghrabi, ZPE 207 (2018) 160-161*/
            =>
         =T>
      