
            <T=.en
            <=
               ((1)) The 6th year of the Emperor Caesar Traianus Hadrianus Augustus. In the month Apellaios/Phaophi 27th, at Karanis in the division of Heracleides in the Arsinoite nome. 
((2)) Thaesis, daughter of Kastor son of Heras, from the aforesaid village Karanis, aged 62, with a scar on the left side of the forehead, 
(((4))) having with her as guardian her husband Pakysis, son of Sokmenis, aged 67, with a scar on the ((5)) right shin, 
acknowledges to have assented to the following division of her belongings after her death among her children by Pakysis, to wit: 
((6)) Sokmenis, enlisted in the army, and Kastor, and Thermouthis: Το Sokmenis, enlisted in the army, and Kastor, jointly and equally: 
((8)) Two small houses and two small yards, which she owns in Karanis, situated to the north and to the south of their father Pakysis' house and yard;  
whatever she wil1 leave of ((10)) moveable property, implements, furniture, and debts owed to her in any way. 
(((11))) Το Kastor alone: 1 1/4 aroura of settler's land, which she owns near Kerkesoucha. Το Thermouthis: 60 drachms of silver. 
Το the children of the deceased Thatres, Thaesis' daughter by Kastor, namely Sokrates, Kastor, and Melanas, jointly and equally: 60 drachms of silver.
The said silver drachms, making a total of 120, ((15)) Sokmenis, enlisted in the army, and Kastor, jointly and equally, will give to them. 
If it should happen that any of the two, Sokmenis, enlisted in the army, and Kastor, dies without issue and intestate, 
his belongings shall be transferred to the surviving one of them. As 1ong as the said Thaesis lives, she shall have authority over everything to sell, 
cede, mortgage, pledge, alter her dispositions, and administer in the way she may choose. (((20))) Witnesses: Anytos, son of Sokmenis, aged 79, 
with a scar οn the left ... and Sokmenis, son of Satabous, aged 37, with a scar on the little finger of the left hand, and Patermouthis, son of Kastor, aged 45, 
with a scar below the right eye, and Satabous, son of Anchophis, aged 35, with a scar in the middle of the forehead below the hair, 
and Chairemon, son of Phaes, aged 50, with a scar on his left cheek, and Chairemon, son of Ptolemaios, aged 48, with a scar on the 1eft side of the forehead. 
The six. (((25))) (2nd hand) I, Thaesis, daughter of Kastor, having with me as guardian my husband Pakysis, son of Sokmenis, 
acknowledge to have assented that after my death my belongings in Karanis shall be divided as follows: ((27)) To my children Sokmenis, enlisted in the army, 
and Kastor, jointly and equally, two small houses and two small yards situated in the north and ((30)) south of my husband Pakysis’ house and yard, 
and my moveable property, implements, furniture, and debts owed to me in any way. ((32)) To Kastor alone: 1 ¼ aroura of land which I own near Kerkesoucha. 
To Thermouthis: 6o drachms of silver. ((34)) To the children of the deceased Thatres, my daughter, by Kastor, namely Socrates, Kastor, and Melanas, 
jointly and equally: 60 drachms of silver. The said silver drachms, making a total of 120 [Sokmenis, enlisted in the army, and Kastor, 
jointly and equally] shall give to them …
            =>
         =T>
        