
         <T=.en
            <=
               ((1)) … [Aurelius Basileios], landowner, from the village of Aphrodite 
in the Antaiopolite nome, to Aurelios … son of Victor, dealer in copper ware, from the same village of Aphrodite, greetings. 
(((3))) Since, some time ago, through the written sale made by my maternal brothers 
with regard to their share and my share of my mother’s entire lot and they are acting as guarantors for me  ... of the deed drawn up by them 
in your name which remains valid wherever produced; ((7))and now that I have reached the legal age and 
for this reason you have sought from me the written agreement, [I have come] accordingly 
to this written agreement [by which I acknowledge that] henceforth no one has any claim against you at all 
with regard to this written settlement concerning my entire share of the entire granary named Psimanobet 
with everything and appurtenances and adjoining parts of the same granary in virtue of the written sale 
which was made for you by my aforementioned brothers Kollouthos and Christophorios on their behalf and on mine, 
which remains valid wherever produced. 
(((15)))If we should at any moment or time want to withdraw (from the sale) ... 
in relation to the above share of mine of the above granary, neither I nor any of my heirs or co-heirs will withdraw (?) ... 
on this matter [and I agree to pay] on account of the stipulated penalty and transgression, 
twenty gold solidi, total 20 gold solidi, to be demanded as a matter of fact and with full legal power, 
and with what belongs to this settlement, it being valid wherever produced. ((20))And for your fuller assurance swearing, 
by almighty god and by the victory and preservation of our most pious and serene and god-crowned masters 
Flavii Heraclius and Aelia Eudokia, the perpetual Augusti and Imperatores and greatest Benefactors, 
to preserve this agreement permanently, unbroken and undisturbed, and in force wherever it is produced, 
((26))which I have of my own free will and consent deposited for you in the public registry as a single deed, 
free of violence, deceit, all fraud, intimidation, all trickery, and completed according to the laws with my subscription, 
followed in order by those customary witnesses who have upon my request borne witness; 
(((30))) and I have surrendered this settlement for you as a security and for the payment of the penalty, 
[and I mortgaged] all my possessions present and future, movable and immovable and live-stock, 
generally and severally, [in every class and] kind, by way of pledge and by right of mortgage as though by decree of court. 
And [having been asked the formal question] I have consented that these things are so, 
to do and to preserve. ((34))†† I, Aurelios Basileios ... have made this settlement, 
and I agree with all that is written herein, and I have sworn the divine oath, [as aforementioned]. 
((37)) I, Aurelios Ioannes son of Isak ... [bear witness to this settlement having heard it] from the party. 
† I, Aurelios Georgios son of Hermauos bear witness [to this agreement] having heard it from the party. 
I, Aurelios Paulos son of Apollos, landowner, bear witness to this agreement having heard it from the party. 
Written by me, Konstantinos, God willing, tabellio ††=>
         =T>
      